1) My imaginary client owns a humble, local coffee shop that's similar to but smaller than Break Espresso in my mind. That's where I was while working on this project so it was what came to mind first, I wanted the aesthetic to be pretty muted and less modern than warm and old-fashioned.
2) I was honestly shocked to learn that more than half of the people browsing the web are doing so on their mobile devices. I'd have guessed the number was around 20% honestly, it's almost as if most people aren't as nerdy as I am and don't spend most of their time at their computers or something- strange... But it's also important for the success of the site because Google will prioritize search results that are mobile-friendly.
3) This entire project was extremely challenging for me. Positioning things is still very difficult for me and something that I can't comfortably do, and honestly I'm starting to feel like this is getting to run away from me. I'm still trying to hang in there, it's rewarding when I get something that works or feel like I'm understanding something, but there were moments all throughout the last couple of days when I wasn't sure that I'd be able to even come close to doing what you asked for this assignment. It sort of feels to me like running on a treadmill- sure you can go at an 8 pace for a few moments, and if you turn it up to 8.1, you should still be fine in the short term, etc. etc. but eventually there'll come a point when you're gonna fall on your face, whatever it be. I feel like these last couple of weeks I've been stumbling and flailing my arms around, trying to run a 6 minute mile. I've still really enjoyed this course for a lot of reasons though, and I'm going to try to finish strong regardless of my wavering now.

- - - - - - - -
Read Me for Week 14:

1) I used Bootstrap.
2) I used a CDN to link to the library, because it seemed more flexible.
3) HTML5 makes the web more secure, allows for offline resource support, and includes cool new features like drag and drop, and camera integration!
4) It was confusing for me to understand what the libraries/frameworks do, and I wasn't sure how the several you included on the website related to eachother. The canvas component was pretty intuitive to me and I'm excited to make more "art" in the next project, but I had to change my expectations for what I thought I'd be capable of including with Bootstrap once I realized how complicated it was. The icons I included on the pages were more than enough for a struggling artist such as myself.