There are lots of forms on lots of websites, some that come to mind are: leaving a comment on a youtube video, entering credit card info onto a store's website, or searching for locations of a restaurant based on entering your zip code.

Text input could be like entering your age or birthdate before you're allowed access to a website. Selection input could be like when taking a personality quiz online and having to choose a description of how you'd handle a situation. A button input could be used when clicking an image of a piece of merchandise on a website which would then redirect the user to the store page.

I struggled for a long time tonight with getting the table to work. I moved things around for a while, looked as closely as I could for syntax or spelling mistakes, thinking maybe it was one of those things we used to see people post on Facebook like "you you didn't notice that I wrote the word 'you' twice." It turns out though that I'm just an idiot and I didn't realize that the table had to be within a paragraph to work. I don't think that was said anywhere explicitly on the website, but honestly it seems like common sense so maybe I should have just figured that. It makes me think of the lesson I learned in second grade where my teacher told the class to write out instructions for tying shoes, and of course the thinking was that she'd catch us not being detailed enough by writing something like "step one: cross the left lace with the right" instead of being hyper-detailed and writing "step one: continue to regulate your cardiovascular system by supplying your lungs with fresh oxygen to enable your limbs to move in whichever direction they need to in order to make physical contact with your shoe laces." All of that is to say that I don't think you should always have to over-explain everything with ridiculous scrutiny, because then step one every week would be "make sure you're consuming calories in order to have energy," but maybe if other students struggled with getting the table to work this week too, that detail might have been why.
