Divs are used to group segments of code within html, which helps keep the code organized and grouped for relevancy. The span element is the in-line equivalent of a div, meaning that it can be used within divs, and for individual words, or smaller chunks of text altogether. This might be useful in the event that the style of one specific word needs to be different from the others. Ids are used to give each element an official code, like if you were to spawn an item in Minecraft with a command. Classes are used to group items with individual Ids, like how pork, beef, and chicken would all have different Ids but their class would be "meat" which would separate them from asparagus and carrots if you wanted to make a class-wide adjustment.

The advantages to using a service to host your videos are that it's inexpensive, and the files can be larger and higher quality. When hosting yourself, the files can quickly consume bandwidth and slow the site down. The disadvantages are that when hosted externally, the file is not necessarily completely under your control, meaning that if there's a problem with Youtube, it might impact the file on your site. You also would have more control over the file if you needed to access it for whatever reason.

The challenges I faced with this week's assignment were more external than anything. It was just a difficult week for me, and so finding the motivation to accomplish anything in any facet of life wasn't easy. But that's just being human I guess, I'm one of the billions who probably felt that way at some point in the last 7 days.
