1) I had no knowledge about Github, internet hosting, software development, any of that at the start of this semester. I don't feel comfortable enough that I could develop a website for some official source, but I don't think that's a reasonable expectation for where a student with no prior experience would be at the end of a single course. I do feel that in my case, the course accomplished what it set out to do. I feel that I have a basic understanding of how websites are developed, and that I'll be able to have some idea of what's going on behind the scenes as a consumer.
2) I also had no knowledge about the design portion of developing something for the web, so everything was new there for me as well. It was interesting to see which things about a website are annoying to me, and why those things are annoying as the semester progressed. For example, when I visit a website on my phone and it's just a much smaller version of the version you'd see on a larger monitor, that always annoyed me but I didn't understand that somebody had to come in and actually design an alternate version of the site- as in successful examples likes youtube which is intuitive and attractive both on a mobile device and a desktop device.
3) The course as a whole was very challenging for me. As somebody who has taken mostly English and Art classes, this was possibly the most difficult course I've ever taken. It was a very different form of expression, much more scientific and precise than anything else I've had experience with, and writing is something that I've always enjoyed and that has come somewhat naturally to me. As imperceptible as some of the tasks in this course felt to me, I tried to remind myself that it's important to experience a broad spectrum of things in life, not just to stick to what you know or what's simplest. 
